So good.
What were we saying? Sweet home element. Oh, okay.
What's the guy? I don't know that actor.
I love Candice
What? Wait, what was her name? Murphy Brown, who didn't remember.
Yes, I love that evil mom.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ahhhh....... Kind of, because...
Yeah
Yeah, I like that one too. Yeah.
I do.
Hong...
Oh, Keanu Reeves speed with Keanu Reeves. Oh my gosh.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Yeah...
I like that and my point break.
Yeah.
I was not into that type of movie like action and
Thriller, but I'm like Keanu.
Yes...   I'm gonna go watch it. ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah.
Insaide the elwees teen
Johnny here, so it's like 16 candles breakfast at
Breakfast Club, Pretty in Pink, he did all of that.
80s romance movies.
Yeah...
It's more like romance. Or teen romance.
Yeah.
Around there ..
Yeah...
You know like that what I like about recent one is like it's
Now past the genre of like you don't have to be in your 20s to be them.
star of it right like right like so you have
older people....   I like...
John Kissing.
Yeah, like divorcee. Yeah, that one's good.
Yeah
Yeah, I like the fair...(***)
funny and comedic
No, it was something's got to give is
Diane Keaton, yes.
Yeah, that's a real(***) but
You know, like, have you heard of the book club?
No, no, the book club is um...
It's four elderly ladies like just live their prime already
It was Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda.
Candice Berg
Yeah and I don't and Mary's team
Yeah, yeah. And it's about, like, the four...
Ladies, like they're in a book club together and then they all decide to read.
Fifty shades.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
And then it's the 50 shades of grey.
And then like each of them have lived their life and they have their romance
And some is like one is happily married one is
a divorce say one is just a big blur.
And then one is like, just lost her husband.
And it's just their home and finding new love.
In the past, you never really...
have that, but now like...
They're more bold about, hey, love can happen.
I'm happy with how many.  Yeah...
Yeah.
Yeah, if you think about it compared to like, okay, wedding planner.
Or what  not  like
They know what love is.
Or what it isn't, you know.
It's more, yeah.
I don't know maybe.. I am studying older...
Yeah, ..
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha...ha...ha...ha...ha...ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
So...
Yeah...   What asking..?
You know...
I haven't gone to movies lately. I don't enjoy the movies.
in the last 10 years. I feel like there's no originality.
It's like, I'm sorry, it all seems like Marvel.
Marvel. And ...
Sorry   It's just like I don't see the movies.